All right, Artem, let's start with you. Yeah, come on, because I'm going to have to leave at 12 today, because I didn't have the training for Astra. So, let's go through the main thing, probably, so as not to delay. The usual. About Alfa Bank. So, in general, the status is such that at the level of those IBshnikovs with whom we communicated, everything suited them. Here is the version in which, accordingly, we offered them. Then, accordingly, there are two stages. On the 26th there will be a meeting from the 24th with Oksana Sorenkova. Sorenkova, unfortunately, can not testify before, even after a week, in fact. And, accordingly, coordination with the director of IT security. If we go through this story, then at least until the new year we will have a fundamental decision on the amounts. You can start to agree on contracts, you can already technical part. What else do we have to agree with Oksana? Nothing. Is this the KP stage, or is it a general, so to speak, exchange of views? We're good and you're good. No, we're not going to agree on anything with Oksana. I have everything on their side, I specifically specified that they will coordinate with Oksana, they will coordinate with Oksana. Oh, they will. We don't need to be there, right? Yeah. We don't need to be there or there or with Oksana. Then we just sit and wait. Yes, we sit and wait. Until the 24th, we promised we'd be back on the 25th, 26th. So, according to the MLA... I'm sorry, Artyom, and the final KP that they're discussing now, are they agreeing on what the total is? Well, the status hasn't changed, which means they went right there, a million six hundred turned out. But judging by the success of our additional pilot, I think they will move up to two. Well, that is, from a million six hundred to two, we are waiting, so to speak, this is our expectation. Yeah, yeah. Great. Here, according to the MHI, well, yesterday I prepared the ITUC, no figures from them did not wait. We will meet with them tomorrow on this issue. So, offered them for all their users two and a half thousand users mode messenger plus VKS with a limit on the number of reports generation. I don't know how we're going to do it, but I guess we'll do it somehow. So, for four million rubles, plus separately the track that Elizabeth and I agreed. There, respectively, depending on the package that they choose, it will be, relatively speaking, a million and a half to almost two million. I don't know if it's coming in or not. I gave them a discount and so on. If I say it's expensive, well, then I'll come back to you. But, frankly, if you do not take artificial intelligence, then fifteen hundred rubles per workplace per year, well, there are no such prices on the market. The same Express, it's three thousand, for example, twice as expensive. It's the cheapest thing I know. Three times worse. Well, then it's worse there, again, let's just say, who has any wishes. Where to look, I get it. Yeah, yeah. Here. So that's it. Well, it'll be clear tomorrow. On the track separately, by mass selection, today we meet with Max at two o'clock, coordinate the TZ. Here. It's all about technology. There is a TK for us before, well, the last step that needs to be agreed before you start signing commercial contracts there and so on. That's two things. The first point is that they have a little desire to grow there, we either at some point slow down, here, or, accordingly. I'm sorry again, I lost the thread. Have you switched to MLA yet? I switched to MHI, but a separate track, this mass selection, because I don't want to mix these stories. I'm sharing them on purpose. Got it. If you have any questions about this issue, let’s go back. No, no, no. That is, it is also MHI, but it is just a mass selection separate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. Here. Accordingly, there is, like, well, nothing, a little bit of desire there not from the point of view of the task, but from the point of view of how many times it will be necessary to knock on artificial intelligence, in what format to issue. So maybe we can adjust the price a little bit, here. Well, either they slow down, here. This is, yes, under the old conditions, we will continue with them. And if today we agree on the MTZ, then you can already run into the form there of drawing up the contract. Let me remind you again that there are dogmas for the implementation of this story at the end of February. Here. And the amount again on the mass set? Or is that all? Look, there's a 300,000 one-time payment for us providing them with an API. What are these API phones? Yeah, which I guess we already have for the most part. Of course, we will need some improvements from Max, but they are not very significant. And, accordingly, I gave them, it turns out, one and a half, one hundred and fifty rubles per hour of analysis. Given the fact that we will be doing this through Max, there is a lot of good investment. How much they'll take, I don't know. But just hours. Their goal the country will count. Well, I guess all of this in the neighborhood should be 500, probably somewhere like that, plus or minus. And now from more or less big money to small money. The technodrone expanded twice last week. First it was 10, then up to 30, licenses paid 120,000 in total. Yes, I saw him in the transitions, it's very nice. Little change, but nice. Here, according to Bialowiezh cheeses, our contract with an agreement has been lost somewhere. Well, of course, SoftLine is very close to us again, as it always is, now this morning handled all this. Now we will sign, there will be a contract, we and Belovezhsky cheeses, that is, SoftLine has already paid. Now SoftLine has to pay us. And, accordingly, according to the Museum of St. Petersburg history, they also want to extend. There's 130, there's 115,000. Why did the amount go down there? Or is it the same amount? No, the amount has not decreased anywhere, just I am a customer, for example, Bialowiezh cheeses 195 or 200, but it turns out we have 130, I just ordered. Oh, I get it, it's just a number for us, I get it. Yes, this is a number that we get simply. I just heard it as if it had shrunk since last year, it seemed. No, no, no, here in Bialowieza they wanted to come 100 more, they made 200 and persuaded them. And in the museum of St. Petersburg history, I, in my opinion, threw 25% into the price increase. Is there any feedback from this museum? Look, there's no feedback. I looked at it like this, they really do meet there on big holidays. So to be honest, I don't think they're generating any reports. So I treat them like my brother, and my brain doesn't. Some case to remove from this I very much doubt that it will work. Of course we can try. Suddenly they fell in love with our product. But I strongly doubt it. Okay, okay, okay, let's move on. That's right, and by the Institute, the Joint Institutes for Nuclear Research. We put it out, and now I will have breakfast there today about the fact that we gave them 285,000 in two years. They also have to pay before the New Year. I have prepared an offer invoice for them, so I must pass relatively quickly. It seems like a solid initiative, there is no opposition, that is for sure. There can only be some bureaucracy involved. Yeah, yeah, yeah. By the way, from them, quotes, I think, are very important. Because, well, we know why, actually. Because. Because this is a question about people who really care that, like everyone else, they are sane. But they just really care about the fact that conferences do not break down, so that they go smoothly, qualitatively. So it doesn't matter. That is, they are not IT specialists, who, in principle, usually give a shit. As long as they don't touch them. It's the opposite here. Therefore, perhaps the quotes from them would be very useful in the future. That's why you talk to Nezvanov, right? Yeah, yeah. Well, I'll tell you right away when he was still here about what to buy. There, the feedback wasn't about, wow, how cool, you have an artificial cart doing reports. Specifically stability. We held our conference, everything was cool, we all liked it, everyone was able to connect. Chinese, Indians, and Mexicans. Nothing better. Look, this is really important, really. It is clear that, first of all, we will not collect any special super from AGI and other scientific institutions, as well as from budgetary institutions in general. However, where we have direct access to changeable people, it is quite a good island of reliability, when people say, exactly where some other people say that there would be counter-current not to use, why not buy an MTS link, these people in this place say that you do not need to buy an MTS link, do not need to use counter-current on their field. And in our field, in the field of artificial intelligence, they will get to this point, it’s just a little bit and they will get there, everything will be, well, let’s move on. Okay, as for the active, so to speak, in quotation marks of new projects, also in quotation marks, everything goes with a very big squeak, I very much hope that this is due to the fact that it is December month, here, there is a promotion on Astra, finally, a month later, as I said, we agreed on what we will do without coordination with HRD, in the end, it will be interesting to pilot here from Head of Recruitment and HRD itself, here, I will interview the top positions, here, I prepared, yes, this is what I did, now, I have a good look at this time, as I have, then, then, I have it, that I have a good one, then, I have it, then, I have it, I have already, that I have a good one, I have a chance, that I have it, that I have it, that I have this time, that I have it, that I have, that I have, that I have already, I have a good one, I have it, I have it, I have, I have, that I have a good one, that I have, I We will buy, again, not a large number, here, he says, initially, yes, we will, next year, there, it is necessary, the budget has already been agreed, so small we have opportunities in this regard, but, again, if we look at what we have, as it were, the interview, then, of course, in the ideal, well, my interests as widely and broadly spread, well, that's what we said about the satisfaction of the ambitions of these guys, well, in this case, is complicated by the fact, we need, as, as a little, I think, there, and there's a good way, I're going to use it, then, from them, that's the first thing, I's about it, I's good, I'll be, there, I'll be, like, like, there, there, I'll be, that's a good, I'll be, and there, like, like, that's a good, there, I'll be, that's a good, I'll be, like, from them, like, like, from them, from him, I think, Do you have any clarity on the timing? Look, we agreed with them, here's how, let's then, here, you once with a mustache, then we will take as a target value 5-10 interviews, well, why 5-10, of course, I think, yes, because I still want them to make a digital profile, here, and ship it to HRD, here, this guy, well, that will hold, respectively, I asked him, will be able to make it before the new year, well, he said that before the new year we will try, says, well, if we don't have time, then give us another, like, one week, there, so that I have a new year, well, so that I'll try to spend these meetings, well, well, so that I'll have time. 5-10 meetings, it seems that not very much, on the other hand, it is, really, some top positions, how active they hire, it is unclear, here, well, here is exactly the same, if I still discuss that this is not an unlimited story, we will immediately outline, let’s say, if not in the form of a deadline, then in the form of a number of 5-7-10 conditional options, if they are more or less active. Okay, well, that is, after that he has an understanding of what is called, if that, yes, what is the next step, it is clear that, well, we carried out, here, further, so to speak, functioning in his head is outlined, that we introduce in such and such a department, that we will wear it in our hands, there, he is proud to show himself. This track is more or less clear, right? Yes, the first step is clear to him. Now we will develop part of the recruiting, he manages the recruiting, if you like his results, then I will say more or less directively, guys, now conduct an interview here. The volume, once again, he has 30 recruiters under his command, here we need to coordinate with them, because I discount prices to them already such good our prices, where there are 30 accounts, this is 800 in the SAS, there he will accept 1,200. Maybe it's a little nerdy, they'll say, well, let's take 10 for the first time. Well, it seems like even that's not bad. And what is next, it is not clear that further, let’s say, is not very well built in his head, because it is not in his area of responsibility, and with Eichar Dima so really met, but it may be good not to confuse one with another, let us go carefully here and here. This is with an assessment, that is, they are very interested in the assessment, too, and here I think that as soon as we get the first results, good results, respectively. Okay, I hear you. Artyom, but tell me, in fact, for this person, the supervisor's office is quite enough, if we saturate him more and, I don't know, with some tests, if necessary. In general, this is a tool that in the final version would suit him. That is, the package that we hired, recruited, plus or minus drew, in fact, it can be shipped to him, and here he will have one there or, since he is alone, then probably one, and if there are several of them, then up to three of some supervisor offices, and this model of work will suit him. And if there is no supervisor to evaluate, well, this covers their needs. In this way, in which we are now ready to provide a product plus or minus. Right? Absolutely, absolutely. That's the configuration I'm already doing. So I told them right away that he would be holding meetings. I asked Lena, she added her to HRD's supervisor's office yesterday. So I'm not going to tell them about HRD yet, you're going to look here, you're going to look here. Well, the only thing I want to see is some, so that, without much alteration, some of our templates, dashboards can be adjusted to their mills. That is, there they have, we have made estimations with estimates, well, here to show them, that is, the supervisor, dashboards and digital profiles. Here is the maximum plan, which is in principle 80% of the work has already been done. Great. And tell me how much you feel about this need to kind of highlight and let him feel that he's driving, in a sense, a road map. What he says is, this is my project, and I want this, I want this. Or it's closer to giving a ready-made wow effect and making it work. I'll show it, it's going to work, it's going to develop something thoughtfully, it's going to plow some road map, but it's fucked up. That is why it is closer to what we do, so to speak, ourselves, in the sense that we are proactively developing the direction, and RConf in this sense provides support, tools and so on. That is, they have the idea, at least in words, and the technique we have. Or they want to show a ready-made solution with a minimum of what is called fine-tuning to work. And he ran, and good. Let’s look at the pilot mode, but so far it looks much more like the second option. That is, the dude clearly doesn't have a flight of Sergei Beck's fantasy there, yes, and that's good and bad. That's good because I'm pretty sure the results they're going to get, yes, they're going to produce such a small wow effect. If you're hoping it's gonna be okay, they'll tell you how cool it is. Like, can you make it even cooler, yeah, or let me even tell you how to make it even cooler? Well, I don't expect him, to be honest. Here, rather a question, give me a ready-made tool, here, and, let's say, so that I brought it, relatively speaking, to the company. Here. All right, got it. Good option. We are very happy that we are close enough to the image of the instrument we give. I brought it in. Right? Yeah. It's not 40 under 400, right? Ha-ha-ha. No, no, no, no, no, no, what's the comparison? Clear and clear. Perhaps, of course, it is minus the fact that we have now fallen into such a comfort zone. I mean, it's really easy with this Astra right now. The most important thing is not to just hold meetings. I already have, in principle, for yesterday half a day already 80% ready. Here are the meetings. I'll run you one time with our script, make one profile. Here you go, please. Well, it's very clear here, let's just say. No, look, I'm just here to remind you, to throw that we did the first stage of verification. You know, you asked Gleb, he asked for a major developer, an Aeromobile like Louise, opened a vacancy in a non-existent company for a senior mobile development. This dude, Timothy, did the interview completely seriously, without any fools. We agreed, well, did not agree, just honestly, gave the criteria of the type from the customer, formed by artificial intelligence according to the developer. He agreed with him and filled them out. And artificial intelligence based on his interview filled independently. And you know there's a match very close to a hundred percent. More like a hundred and one percent. And I mean, if we're talking about Astra, they're probably hiring developers, right? Probably including the developers. And if we talk about hiring and evaluation, it seems that to demonstrate these cases and further develop them from the point of view of the tool, well, in fact, what happened. Which has been confirmed. It's not just that some recruiting interview artificial intelligence fills up. And the fact that artificial intelligence independently evaluates exactly, so to speak, hat-skills. At the same time, a very serious senior level, not just any. This means that, in general, it is possible to significantly reduce the workload on distracting these highly qualified specialists for interviewing these wonderful lords and delayers. And, accordingly, simply conduct them in the mode, if not auto-interview, which in principle I consider absolutely possible, then at least just ordinary recruiters who conditionally read the questions, without even asking anything clarifying, just by what is called, this one. And already get a very, very, so to speak, qualitative result. I mean, if we could promote this board with an astra, it seems like a really cool thing. So I would suggest they just show it as a teaser. Colleagues, if you think this is interesting, we are ready to lay it down, make it, adjust it and so on. Hear their feedback as they see it in their model. What do you think? Yeah, that's a good story. The only thing, of course, in principle, right now, I think that right from the very beginning I will not immerse myself in this story. Let them evaluate their tops, but somewhere in the middle, respectively, they can do it from the point of view of building as far as possible. But, frankly, we haven’t really experienced this story. With hardskills, we always get a little mess. To be honest, we do not understand where this story lies. From recruiters often, I have heard several such reviews that we are not interested in hardkills. One task is to determine the softskills, determine the role of the candidate’s experience and, accordingly, continue to let or not let him. Recruiters do not need to listen to this, I think, because, as I think, now in the market, no one in their right mind and solid memory instructs recruiters to hire seniors. That is, recruiters can search for them and conduct some kind of microscreening on some general issues. What the hell are you looking for a job, and what in general, well, according to the expectations of the customer, it is clear that all these same go straight to the conditional germans inside the company. And the Germans inside the company, I think, all like one chorus say about the same thing, yes, Kolya, I'm sorry to you, instead of which I will now listen to these interviews, or to those leaders, well, they are obviously going to someone, to some well-built dear guys. In fact, we are now aiming at the great that such a super-complex element of hiring can be fully turnedkey 100% in conditional and sparking mode. Well, let's just not fantasize here, I just mean that if it's an IT company that has such a track, then it can be like a teaser to put them, look at the feedback. If there is a place to develop this story, then at least we have a very good verification, well, let it be out of three cases, but it does not matter, in the form of quotes, in the form of good stories, it should definitely be wrapped up and shown. It's clear what he needs to show. We're not going to show it to Mtusi. Astri, MTS, that's who you want to show this to. Okay, keep going. But then, in general, there is nothing to talk about. Here, according to Rostex last Friday, they did not hold a single meeting last week, came to them several times, what was the matter, today he asked an aunt who was there with enthusiasm, she says that there is a desire, everyone definitely has a desire, there is no opportunity, there are years, there are no suitable meetings, and today, if I am not mistaken, we have planned an internal meeting of work committees. Well, at least one of the protocols, but, of course, this story should be fluffed. These are, respectively, two of them, which are already either in the pilot or on the verge of the pilot. Everything else, two tracks. With the Panther, too, everything is very viscous, very slowly, until they were not approached, they threw them on competency models, they discounted the criteria for assessing interviews, so I did not get feedback, but I regularly fluff them, but again, they justify themselves at the end of the year by the fact that there is no time at all, and so on, but I hope that this is really so. I think that’s pretty much the case, but here it’s a checklist, again, the format of the pilot offer that we need to do to make people itch to do it all. That is, I still think that now the offer for the pilot, it is more of a general research variety, so it seems that it is so easily postponed because of this. Well, like, here's my turnover, I'll explore after New Year's. Here. It is ideal to put something that, well, right here and now leads, I don’t know, to awards, to the report of the authorities, to some tangible result. How to tie this up, while I don't have clarity, obviously in each case especially, here, but here clearly, I think, there is a signal that the proposal for a pilot, it does not lie in the zone of people's hot interests. Here. So we have to think about it. How to formulate it for those who were burning with enthusiasm, suddenly, there, somewhere soured. Here. We've seen some cases like this before. Here. I think it's all evidence that they don't understand how exactly in their process it's all played out. Yes, well, I say, there is, I think, even a simple option, here, I will not say that 100%, but I believe that why the turnover is always in the first place. The turnover has a deadline. Tomorrow we need a report, tomorrow we need this. And our pilot doesn't have a deadline. Here, please take it and please use it. Well, then let's test this hypothesis. You got a deadline? Great. Didn't make the deadline? Well, sory. We got the next one. We have such a pilot that we can only include you in a certain slot. That's right. As set up for Sasha, we have from the first to 21 December scraps, if you do not have time, then give a clear understanding when we start, when we finish. That would raise 30 percent in this story. That's a good idea, but let's protest it. Will you take it next time? I have to check the calendar. I will, it's no problem. We just need to get it done a little bit. Yeah, we have to make it absolutely. At the signing stage, we just have to fix the date. Even more or less the latter, more or less active, on social networks last day met with a corporate university. Evaluation, training, they liked everything, a lot of interest, but decided to make the next meeting with their coaches, where I plan to ship them a story about individual assistant coaches. I don’t expect any breakthroughs until the new year, because this is, firstly, Asus Lite, and secondly, it’s the end of the year. But if we agree that we will start next year conditionally speaking through the pilot, it would be great. We agreed. Okay. In general, I probably have everything from this basic. It worked. And about money, and about the pilot, and about the prospect. All right, Sasha, give you your word. Yeah, hello, everybody. We don't have much time, I have to go to school. Four companies, four pilots. I’m going to focus on something from less to more. In Cherkizovo, we will enter the pilot, I really hope that in January. Because we're definitely not coming in December. There with Rostec, with mine, the logical situation. We need to coordinate the SB and with lawyers. We won't move without that. Therefore, we are now at the stage of harmonization. From our side what, from their side what? They went to coordinate? No, they went to coordinate, we exchange information with them. Now, from our side, we need to fill out a checklist for PERS data and pass it on to them. Then there will be some steps from them. There is nothing to add, we exchange information. MTS. The pilot is over. The meeting is scheduled for tomorrow at 12:30. There will be, in addition to the initiator of Zharikov himself, three recruiting leaders. I have an invitation, please. Yes, I will. Only the meeting will be at MTS Linky, because we were piloting without, well, as if we were not allowed into the internal circuit. So right away. Well, it's okay, we didn't put up with that. Okay, yeah, I'll drop the link. So, while I have no feedback from the pilot in the second week, there is no feedback, including Zharikov. I am, of course, very actively asking for it, so that we could push away from something and not blindly go. I listened to the meetings they had in the second week of the pilot. Well, listened to the tape, people talking. But this is not a very applied topic in terms of when we do not know. Well, if conditionally the first, there, after the first week, they sent us some feedback, we watched it, corrected it, industrialized it, overloaded it. For the second week, they had an updated prom. That information is not available now. Well, there's nothing to add. And Zharikov doesn't have one. He wrote this morning that he went to the office to interview recruiters. This is how feedback is collected. Well, there will be information, we will definitely return. We should come to this meeting, ideally with ready-made proposals. Okay, next step. Well, let's say it's a good option. I loved it. Well, it would be nice to paint a pen some green. Well, we'll definitely do that. So what's the next step? The next step, respectively, well, in theory, the next step is, if all is well, we... KP: Well, the KP is already more targeted, because the KP. I sent Zharikova, to which he reacted. Says you got a maximum of 100? We just have 263 recruiters. I said, well, as much as you need, we'll do it. The question is, how much do you need? and what else, because there was a talk about integration with their hand flow and so on, but there are no specifics, respectively, tomorrow's meeting. that is, we have the main goal of tomorrow's meeting, this is if we get a positive confirmation, then translate it into a specific discussion mode and put up a map, well, we need to be ready with the numbers, 160 to the wind, but nevertheless, on the order of magnitude, how much it will cost, you have an answer now. Dobrotsen, today at 12 training, well, what's our goal? pilot, it's an assessment, an assessment of four regional directors. thank you very much for access to the boat, did everything on their documents, it turned out very interesting, good. I pay attention, you asked the question, so Claude, attention, perfectly knows how to process pictures, any. so graphs or photos, you can ask his poem to write according to their schedule, in style in any you like. On the 19th and 20th of December, two days of assessment are held, I will accompany this event, they will be four regional directors in the morning. Accordingly, the first main goal is to write down so that everything is recorded normally. That's what we tested here. Thank you very much to Maxim and colleagues from the development. Someone, Alexei, I think, connected. Everyone sorted out the room division on the root servers. It's okay. We'll make an appointment on day one. There will be two tasks, if I'm not mistaken. And day two. There will be three tasks. For each task, a prompt is drawn up taking into account their documentation. Well, I mean, given their cases. It is determined what we will evaluate. Well, as I said, write it down first, process it second. We're going to verify this ... Well, as if verification of the result will occur in terms of the report of assessors and the report of artificial intelligence. It's a pretty eatable competency model that has scores. That is, it is digital, it has indicators and additional criteria for each score. Accordingly, it will take place in the verification mode for tasks. I made a deal, we can here... I haven't told the client yet. We can take ... Or rather, what I told the client. We can take, for example, several competencies and check them on different tasks. But yesterday, when I made everything for Dobrozen, I realized that we, in fact, can check everything. The only thing we won't have is the story we talked about yesterday. Not yesterday, Friday, I think. It's about taking and handling everything in one go. It will be different records, because there are group discussions, there are some paired ones. Therefore, we will work in parts. Tell me, please, is this the mode of all this work will look like? How long does one person’s assessment take? Or will it be all four at the same time? It'll be all four at the same time. All right, all four at the same time. So, how long will it take all of this time? Well, actually, for 2 days it's somewhere around 7-7.5 hours. Are we gonna break these records? Well, we'll see. We're going to have them anyway, they're going to have separate rooms in each day. It is unlikely that a person is 7 hours in a row without stopping there all the time something assists. No, no. I say it's for 2 days. That is, there is the first day half, the second day half. Well, they have 3-4 hours there. After these 2 days, the assessors themselves, how much time do they take to prepare the report? How much time do the assistants take? They said they had a goal to do so by the end of December. That is, the assessment itself to hold until the 20th inclusive. No, I'm interested in second-to-second time. Here, attention, this is what we are, so to speak, aiming at. So we say, here's the assessment process. What kind of flight do we give them? We essentially give assessors a tool to drink coffee while artificial intelligence makes a perfect report for them. Right? So here we are, what does it really matter? Do we want to kick the fucking assessor out of there, so to speak, or do we want the assessors to free up time? Two. All right, so let's figure out how much time we're gonna give them. So obviously the interview process, that's how it was, that's how it's going to stay. Not a second saved. And then all the savings will go to the preparation of reports. That's how many reports they're planning to make, you know, by the end of December. So on December 20th, they're going to be making a report? Or what? So it doesn't happen later. I've been there for five minutes. No, they were told they would have a week to report. They take a week. That's if they do it themselves. They did it themselves. They can listen to this interview again, right? Yeah. They'll have access to the records. They'll have access to everything. That means they're gonna have a week to deal with it. So we'll have a report there, well, in an hour, right? Well, in theory, yes. Well, look, this is the object of verification. I mean, we're not here to be praised and said, well, what a cool report you guys have. We're here to show them how successful they are at this stage, and I'm taking it seriously, right? That's why we need to do it well, well enough to run it as minimally as possible, and he has to do it so quickly that the assessors have to say to them, and then I'm going to have to do it all in a way that's cool. It's, like, me and this client, who's 340,000, well, all these discussions are already in use. Okay. Okay. Okay, I got three minutes for Nornickel. So, briefly, according to the Norilsk Nickel, after a meeting with the head of the corporate security department, we prepared a certain module, yes, a certain demo, it consists of three auto tests, there, spiral dynamics and burnout, something else, now this is not the essence. Then two tests, two interviews to assess general skills. Such a general test, extensive for assessing the skills of a coach and a softskill test, in fact, to assess the softskills of a coach in the safety culture. And the third one is a voice assistant, which, like, explain, all these things, they are prepared taking into account the information they provided, their booklets, brochures, checklists and so on, respectively, everything is updated, they have links. You've been knocking me off, yeah, remind me, the last voice assistant you gave me, right? Voice assistant, I dropped it, the link did not change, well, if necessary, I will duplicate you after an hour now, because I did not have time. Yeah, look, so I just wasn't in time, unfortunately, to test it, here, but I'll definitely do it. Look, what is needed here, this is probably also a request to Max, well, obviously, in such a mode when every time a person has to run for each question and register his new mail, well, it is not sarcastic, so, and it seems to me that here we still need to take the next step so that a person once registered mail there and then he just entered his mail without any passwords and could ask questions as much as he likes, well, you know, yes? Well, I understand, but I guess we should do it when we get there. No, we have to do it now, I'll explain why, because we're never coming. The question is, well, look, what a person wants, will see a high value in this voice assistant, here he will be inhibited by this story, he will want to ask him this question, and the fifth and tenth, he will want to try it on the mode of this, this is how I will use it. In fact, it is possible that he will want to show it. Here, we have, well, every time it will stick here and immediately, he even has the idea that someone will show it from the manual, it will fall off. Here. I totally agree with you, it doesn’t work that way. Look, there are two questions we have, me. The first thing we're going to implement in the form of a chat, like, yes, a voice assistant, is the first version. Here. There is a reasonable question, is this streaming? I mean, I'll explain what that means. Now, the GPT chat, when you start a session, it's going to answer, given the previous answer, or this, it's a little bit more complicated, or it's just, this is how I'm doing now on, there, there IRNL itself, yes, it's done, you're in one experiment, one meeting you can ask as many questions as you want, but each time she just takes a transcript and answers it. You know, right? Regardless of the previous answer to the question. Here. And it's easier to implement, it's already implemented on, there, this very IRNL. What can we do next? Then we can move on to the voice story. This begs the question, why ARKonf? I still have that I've asked already, there, many times, I mean, 3B for what, right? Because she's here, you know, sort of unintelligible, fulfilling a story. Here. And the question with that is, with, well, that too, don't say it's necessarily in 3B to be, well, okay. Here. With voice generation. Max, come on, this is where we like to go in circles. This is not 3B, this is our product. And the fact that people say, voice query, voice communication, it is very convenient and important, confirms that a single product is multifaceted. Not 100 products where the value is, so to speak, blurred and everyone says, well, fuck I'm going to buy your product, I'm going to go to GPT chat to do the same. Here. We have an IT specialist there with billions of dollars in internal budgets that they won’t do, that’s in Telegram. You know, right? Yeah, I know, great. When we tell them we’re watching, there’s a whole product that does that, and it does that, and it does that, and the values are here. Of course, if you make a sharp sharpened product, well, it is clear that it can probably be better there. Now, in order not to philosophize about this for a long time, here is the answer to your question, I would answer this way, yes, this is the second option when we do not need streaming here yet. All you have to do, I think, is just take the next step, so that the person who enters this mode can ask each question in a simpler way, rather than introducing everything in a new way every time. In fact, in one session, I understood that. Look, the question is technical at once, the separation between the questions is just some kind of pause, yes, there is, for example, a 10-second pause, we believe that the question is over, right? Look, there, well, here, again, I don't understand right now. Well, that's how voice robots work, so they have a 15-second pause that's considered the end of response time. I get it. Look, when it seems like this voice assistant, well, the most complete, when you, well, here, conventionally, I was there yesterday, for example, say, well, please make a complaint FAS on M2C, these are the facts we found, let’s do all this with the company, and this is on the way out. I don't need instant answers. This answer to me in three minutes to the post in the form of text is absolutely arranged. Here, same thing. Prepare for me a draft of some kind of training or some kind of safety concept or, what about some regulatory documents. That is, the answer is a text that is actually used. Entering a request by voice in many cases is easy and simple. So there's no mode of dialogue, like cooking borscht? Look, what do you do with beets? Do you need water? There is no sequence of short questions. Oleg, I'm sorry, I'll pass out. The challenge is, you know, I just have a voice assistant. That's how we're now, basically, it works in a tape recorder. I mean, I don't have to register every time. I once pressed, here, I could there, in this voice assistant, well, conventionally, there make a template in which I screwed the desired prompt, a large one, which contains a lot of all sorts of knowledge. And, well, right here in the render, in the form of this one, I answer. Oh, yeah, I mean, that's how it would work. Well, since they don't have any rentals or fiends yet, that would be convenient, well, that's it. You checked in once you walked in. Next time you come in, he should remember it's you. That's, well, that's it. Something like that, I think. So you can just lower the threshold instead of, there, three points or, there, four, there, you know, ask. Do you want an answer to the question? Okay, come in. Or he remembers you for a while, or as a... Yes, you can, no. It's just a private office. Look, what are you describing now? Conditional ChatGPT, which has such a function of voice just a set of information, and that's it. Well, basically, yes. It's not quite ChatGPT, it's ChatGPT, which sits a large prompt already preinstalled. Yeah, yeah, I get it. But it's an assistant, ChatGPT is called, yes, yes, yes, which has context and prompt to handle, of course. Claude's, to my taste, it's made more fun, called Project. Not really. Okay, yeah, yeah, that's the idea, yeah. Well, this is what we are working on now, this is how it should be, only without any questions at the entrance. Once a person registered, entered, there, there, there, mail, there, I do not know what else he enters there. Well, it's supposed to start from your personal account, so you don't have to ask anything, of course. All right, it must be from my office. But we don't have a private office, right? Yes, you can make, let’s say, a quasi-personal account, yes, we have a storage inside the browser alone, yes, we can store information there and take it from there, also not a problem in general. Well, in short, Max, think about it, come up with options. I mean, the idea is very simple, that I, to ask a question now, so, well, here we have, like, explain, I have to go through these, fill out all three items there, or how many items there are of this menu here. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Everyone, I suspect, Artem, Sasha, I have my own set of all sorts of presentations that we are working with. No, it's not even about the presentation. For example, today Yakov came to me, says, I need a DFD file on on-prem solutions, I only have SAS. I mean, these are the little nuances. That's understandable. They'll just be supplemented. Entrust this to all participants. That's my job. You don't have to do it yourself. Don't worry. I suggest making files just individual. Not in the sense that no one will have access to it, but it’s just possible that someone is more comfortable with my file. I keep my presentations there, like I'm comfortable with. I put them there, my own, which I have there, so to speak, have already worked out, so to speak. This is the internal structure as well. It can duplicate, but a person just immediately goes to his and there finds what he needs, as he needs. Good. Yeah, okay. I'll write that, too. Last week was all about gifts. In general, all orders. Don't talk about it. It's fine. I hope everything gets to everyone tomorrow. If that's not what Clavier Services is for. Yes, a friend. Ircon. Yeah, and with the hangings. Last week, all my thoughts were there. All right, let's talk about the natusi. If nothing else is constructive. Is there anything else constructive? Nope. Nope. Okay, let's talk about the natusi. There were a lot of small things, but this... Let's zoom in now. We'll have a bigger name, maybe. And the one with the hangings. So they just got an activation letter? Olya wrote it to me. I'm sending it out after the meeting. You wait. Are you sure we didn't have our last day yesterday? No, number 18. All. Everyone confirmed it to me. Good. Then send it here. Then they... We will now agree on a specific text. Well, the one they need to get through unofficial channels. So, once again we offer you mutual respect and comfort, so to speak, we are ready to meet you. It's in those numbers. And, as they say, do not in any way interfere with your conclusion of a contract with your second performer. To do this, we suggest that you sign a break of the contract on a mutual ratio. The main motivation for this is the need to clarify the TK. That in the course of the operation you started, it became clear that the TK needed to be clarified, since the TK was formulated ambiguously. In this regard, such a need arose. We can set up a joint commission if they need to. We can clarify this TK in some way. And on the basis of a decision, a mutual decision about what you have, so to speak, within the same TK, but it is formulated incorrectly. Vague. And the functions that you actually need within this TK can be interpreted in different ways. The functions that you need, our solution is not in the full world can give, although formally it corresponds to your TK. Therefore, we decide on a friendly basis to terminate this contract in order to clarify your TK and fulfill your more accurate needs. Accordingly, how we justify this story, we are ready to assist you as much as possible here. The second option, if you still will ... so to speak, strive to send us to this wonderful list, our lawyers have concluded that, so to speak, we have every reason to send a complaint of the FAS on the violation of competition, which is associated with the fact that the competition was formed exactly for the technical specification of the contractor and it is written to them, which proves numerous biddings, purchases with exactly the same TK in other organizations, but the counterattack won, and our lawyers insist on appealing the FAS tender itself. We would not like to go down this path, but if we do not have any other chances, then we will have to go in this scenario, which will not bring joy to you or us. That's it. The third way is that we are ready to ship you and provide you with a fully working solution that, we are convinced, will cover the needs of your learning process and will serve you faithfully. Therefore, we are either torn or working, just you put our decision, or if you, so to speak, prepare us what is called a motivated refusal, then in response to your motivated refusal, we will have a complaint to the FAS. This is based on the fact that your solution is identical to other similar TK, formed under a very specific performer. There you go. Yes, this text for the letter, for M2C, Alexei Yurchin stipulated. I'm sorry for artificial intelligence. Did you find in '44 that you can mutually terminate the contract? Yes, we have, firstly, the contract stipulates, and secondly, in general. A mutual dissolution, huh? Yeah, yeah. Look, yeah, that's their only problem, I think it's the budget, the 24th year, that's going to be the biggest challenge. That's right. Okay, that's their problem, I'm just curious. Yeah, we discussed it with the lawyers, their main problem is being non-stop fluffy, that they did everything perfectly, and the only way they could stay fluffy is to shit us. But we have to disagree, so if they do, the flag will come to them. No, no, I get it, found the same TK in the other ones, I get it, I get it, yeah. Yes? Word of the word. Yeah, I get it, I get it. Yeah. No, well, that makes perfect sense, yeah. Yeah, well, I mean, if you're doing us a bad thing, you're not gonna be okay. No, I get it, it's just fun, yeah, there's a mutual dissolution in '44. Fun, cool, yeah. Yeah. Well, Len, then, before you send them, of course, in Telegram, in any case not in VISBOM, not in this, through unofficial channels, exclusively in a peaceful spirit, that, colleagues, we are the first to confirm, we sent you an activation letter, once again confirm that we are ready, so to speak, our decision to provide for full use, are convinced that it will close all your requests. Point two, therefore, understanding that you want, we are ready to go on a friendly path and offer to consider you as the motivation for termination ambiguity interpretation of the TK, which you have published. If necessary, we are ready to motivate this with letters, correspondence and so on, making it legal and understandable for you. Paragraph three, if you do not want to, our lawyers insist on appealing the FAS as a violation of the law of competition. Okay, stop. I showed them this daddy, they carefully read, I think all understood. Well, they don't get it. Yes, all right, I'll prepare a letter for you. Now, stop. Okay. Looks like everybody's running. We're almost there, look, about fifteen, and we've decided. Okay, everybody, come on, have a good day, Max, can you hold on for three seconds? Max, Max, come in, come in. Okay, Max's not with us, I guess he won't stick around anymore. All right, I'll finish, bye.